README.md, before:

# ESP-TOTP

## About

The ESP-TOTP is a Time-based one-time password (TOTP) generator written in Python (CircuitPython) for the SEEED XIAO ESP32-C3. TOTP is an extension for HMAC-based one-time passwords (HOTP). TOTPs are generated at regular intervals, have a fixed length and change with time. They can be generated offline, unlike traditional OTPs and eliminate the need for an active internet or mobile connection.

## Components
1. A microcontroller such as the SEEED XIAO ESP32-C3
2. SSD1306 OLED display
3. Pushbuttons
4. Wires
5. Li-ion battery

## Getting started

## Program

## Future updates

## Resources
1. https://learn.adafruit.com/circuitpython-totp-otp-2fa-authy-authenticator-friend/software
2. https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/understanding-totp-in-python-bbe994606087
3. https://totp.danhersam.com/
4. https://github.com/adityad0/hacktag
5. https://learn.adafruit.com/circuitpython-with-esp32-quick-start/command-line-esptool
6. https://circuitpython.org/board/seeed_xiao_esp32c3/
7. https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/XIAO_ESP32C3_Getting_Started/
8. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8529265/google-authenticator-implementation-in-python

## License
This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Lincense. Read the license here: https://github.com/adityad0/esp-totp/blob/main/LICENSE

Commit message:

content and title update (future/program)
Added content under 'Future updates' section.
Change title from 'Program' to 'Program description'
Removed item 'Push buttons' and added 'Rotary encoder' under 'Components' section

README.md, after:

# ESP-TOTP

## About

The ESP-TOTP is a Time-based one-time password (TOTP) generator written in Python (CircuitPython) for the SEEED XIAO ESP32-C3. TOTP is an extension for HMAC-based one-time passwords (HOTP). TOTPs are generated at regular intervals, have a fixed length and change with time. They can be generated offline, unlike traditional OTPs and eliminate the need for an active internet or mobile connection.

## Components
1. A microcontroller such as the SEEED XIAO ESP32-C3
2. SSD1306 OLED display
3. Rotary encoder
4. Wires
5. Li-ion battery

## Getting started

## Program description

## Future updates
1. An app to connect to the device over Bluetooth/Wi-Fi to add new TOTP secrets and sync time.

## Resources
1. https://learn.adafruit.com/circuitpython-totp-otp-2fa-authy-authenticator-friend/software
2. https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/understanding-totp-in-python-bbe994606087
3. https://totp.danhersam.com/
4. https://github.com/adityad0/hacktag
5. https://learn.adafruit.com/circuitpython-with-esp32-quick-start/command-line-esptool
6. https://circuitpython.org/board/seeed_xiao_esp32c3/
7. https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/XIAO_ESP32C3_Getting_Started/
8. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8529265/google-authenticator-implementation-in-python

## License
This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Lincense. Read the license here: https://github.com/adityad0/esp-totp/blob/main/LICENSE
